[bogus section]

This section is not used by PRTE code.  But we have to put a RST
section title in this file somewhere, or Sphinx gets unhappy.  So we
put it in a section that is ignored by PRTE code.


Hello, world
============

[stacktrace signal override]

PRTE was inserting a signal handler for signal %d but noticed that
there is already a non-default handler installed.  PRTE's handler was
therefore not installed; your job will continue.  This warning message
will only be displayed once, even if PRTE encounters this situation
again.

To avoid displaying this warning message, you can either not install
the error handler for signal %d or you can have PRTE not try to
install its own signal handler for this signal by setting the
"prte_signals" MCA parameter.

   Signal: %d
   Current prte_signal value: %s

[stacktrace bad signal]

PRTE was inserting a signal handler but was given an invalid signal
number:

   Signal string: %s
   Bad value:     %s

The given value must be an integer within the signal number range.
Please correct the value and try again.

[malformed net_private_ipv4]

PRTE has detected at least one malformed IP address or netmask in the
value of the prte_net_private_ipv4 MCA parameter.  The
prte_net_private_ipv4 MCA parameter accepts a semicolon-delimited list
of Classless Inter-Domain Routing (CIDR) notation specifications, each
of the form <ipaddress>/<mask>.  For example:

   10.0.0.0/8;172.16.0.0/12;192.168.0.0/16;169.254.0.0/16

The first detected malformed entry was %s.

[invalid-net-mask]

PRTE has detected a malformed IPv4 address or netmask:

   Value provided: %s

Accepted values follow the Classless Inter-Domain Routing (CIDR)
notation specifications. For example:

   10.0.0.0/8
   172.16/12
   192.168
   169.254.0.0/16

[malformed-uri]

PRTE has detected a malformed URI:

   URI:  %s

Accepted values follow IETF RFC3986, e.g.
"file://192.168.1.1/over/there"

[relative-path]

When creating a URI, all files must be specified in absolute paths:

   Value provided: %s

Please update your application to provide the full path to the file.

[sys-limit-failed]

Per request, PRTE attempted to set a system resource limit to a given
value:

   Resource:  %s
   Limit:     %s

The system has refused to allow this operation. This is likely due to
a permission limitation, or specifying an unsupported value. Please
check the system or remove the request and try again.

[sys-limit-unrecognized]

PRTE received a request to set a system resource limit. Sadly, OMPI
does not recognize or currently support the specified resource:

   Resource:  %s
   Limit:     %s

Please correct the request and try again.

[dir-mode]

While working through a directory tree, we were unable to set a
directory to the desired mode:

   Directory:  %s
   Mode:       %0x
   Error:      %s

Please check to ensure you have adequate permissions to perform the
desired operation.

[mkdir-failed]

A call to mkdir was unable to create the desired directory:

   Directory: %s
   Error:     %s

Please check to ensure you have adequate permissions to perform the
desired operation.
